if you want cheap microsoft points in
game codes check out GTA comm links in
the description below hey guys it's more
than 70 n too damn bringing you a
ridiculous team you can just see like
I've got two extremely rare cards we've
got Eden Hazard's hero card 90 raid
700,000 I believe he's still extinct yep
he is we've also got an even rarer cord
that took me literally three hours to
three hours of constant searching to get
this guy the fifth one that came up
interestingly I got him for 2.1 million
when he's really worth 2.2 and as you
can see there are not on the market and
his price range will surely go up we've
also got Danny Elvis he probably isn't
that rare born for his max pricey earth
or not there's quite a few on the market
there button for 190 km we've also
got a inform alibi and then the rest of
the site we've got Noah we've got bulton
we've got a ass Billy queers upgrade
Fabregas upgrade angel Perez Iniesta and
Luis Suarez up front I could get his
third in form is it third fourth
whatever the hell but yeah and I didn't
really have the coins at the minute so
you know his normal card as you can see
it starts a ridiculous for me and em
yeah that's the team this team is just
unbelievably sweaty and I can't be I
can't wait to show you the highlights I
played 10 games well technically 11 I've
played 11 games one of them are lost but
that was when booting had been red
carded and I had to use banashi ax so
I'm not counting that the other ten
where this exact 11 have been in I've
drew three and I've 17 and I'm in
division two now so yeah I know it's not
division Warren but we'll get there with
this team it's absolutely incredible and
yet let's just get on to the highlights
alright guys so I'm gonna meet this a
player review / squad builder just for
the fact that there's one man that stole
the show and that is man of the match
messy this guy is just unreal I'll
quickly go through hazard because he's
another special called the rest accord
I've went through numerous times so yeah
you can probably see them on other squad
builders on my channel but anyway hazard
is very good a razor
massive upgrade on his current kada
Heath whose current quarter right the
only thing that this one lacks is
shooting is shooting as a little bit
wayward boy he's got a lot more strength
and he feels a lot quicker and his
dribbling is a bit slicker I always
thought that the legend Hadji please
like hazard please in real life and
hazard is just on people booked
this 90 rated cord is worthy of a being
Eden Hazard to be honest right because
he is an exceptional player and this
card actually doesn't justice but we'll
move on to the main man Messi no I just
I just don't know what to say I'm lost
for words the guy is unreal playing him
on the right wing is it sounds so stupid
but it's a massive difference because he
gets in spaces that he would never do if
he was a center 4th just because he's in
acres of space and when he gets the ball
his first touch is impeccable and he's
instantly on the acceleration instantly
and it's just crazy I was coming up
against so many good teams I beat teams
eight nil 11 to four nil ms he was
bugging in hat tricks he's bagging in
five goals sometimes occasionally you
only got one goal but you know that
Suarez is my favorite strike and he took
a lot of the gold same as a hazard got a
decent amount as well and Iniesta was
just the assist master in this team it
works really really well comedy accused
of each other but Messi is the best
free-kick take on the game in my opinion
I've used many i've used Ronaldo I've
used bail and Bailey's pulse or I feel
is absolutely exceptional at free kicks
but Messi just can score from anywhere
45 yards finesse shot he's got a long
shot his penalties are good even though
i took with Suarez a lot of the time Bob
you see you know it's a penalty it's not
really that big of a deal on FIFA is
dribblings exceptional his piece you
know there's no downside he's even cheap
like 2.2 million on xbox is unbelievably
cheap for a right-wing
96 rated messy and I suppose on
PlayStation nothing is 12 million so is
a little bit more expensive but yet
messy if you can somehow get and when is
price inevitably increases then I would
HIGHLY highly recommend you do there's
there's not many ver cards like I
haven't used team of the year and
although i haven't used his record
breaker yet because i can't afford it
and i can't wait to try and use it when
he eventually goes down I've used Pelle
he's better than Pelle I've used Tim
diaz de maria de morir comes close but
he's better better than him is literally
the best player i have used on this game
so far luis suarez as close as well
laying if that might surprise a few
people for Luis Suarez is absolutely
insane i feel like he's got so much more
than III piece and it stucked on his
card should tell you how well he works
for me in terms of creating as well as
shooting but as I say Messi is just the
main man in this team and I played so
many games you know I'm gonna get to
division 1 i'm gonna win the title with
this team I mean it's just crazy the
amount of space he has on that right
wing is what makes him so good he can
cut and say that the just strength of
his shot sorry the power he's just crazy
he's got unreal strength you know he's
just got everything everything you seen
countless schools here like every
variety there's long-range goals look
that is it that goal there is what I
mean above the space he generates in
right-wing you would never have done
that as a centre-forward he was in so
much space and he tapped it in he's just
absolutely incredible this cord doesn't
justice in real life because he plays
like Messi in real life this card so let
me know what play a review of squad
builder you are next and yeah if you can
pick up the Amana match messy he is
absolutely insane